Expanded transforms doc and linked algebras (#161)
creativescala/doodle: docs/src/pages/pictures/transform.md

# Transforms

## Overview

> Doodle supports rotating, scaling, translation and reflections with the @:api(doodle.algebra.Transform) algebra. In theory, you can apply any transform to any picture. In practice, some transforms are more useful with some pictures than others. For example, rotating a circle will look the same no matter how many times you rotate it, but rotating a square will look different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doodle supports rotating, scaling, translation, and reflections with the @:api(doodle.algebra.Transform) algebra. In theory, you can apply any transform to any picture. In practice, some transforms are more useful with some pictures than others. For example, a circle will look the same no matter how much you rotate it, but a square will look different.
```

Just tightening up the wording a bit.

```scala mdoc:silent
import doodle.core.*
import doodle.java2d.*
import doodle.syntax.all.*

val hut = 
    Picture
        .triangle(50, 50)
        .fillColor(Color.black)
        .strokeColor(Color.red)
        .above(Picture.rectangle(50, 50).fillColor(Color.blue))

val rotatedHut = hut.rotate(45.degrees)
val scaledHut = hut.scale(1.5, 1.5)
val translatedHut = hut.translate(500, 50)
val verticallyReflectedHut = hut.verticalReflection
```

> In the following code, we create a hut (a triangle on top of a rectangle) and apply a rotation, scaling, translation and vertical reflection to it. 

Reviewer: Put this above the code it references.

### Rotation

@:image(rotated-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut rotated 45 degrees
    title = A hut rotated 45 degrees
}

> The `rotate` method rotates a picture by a given angle. The angle is specified in radians, but you can use the `degrees` method to convert degrees to radians. Here we rotate the hut by 45 degrees.

Reviewer: Put the explanations before the example.

### Scaling

@:image(scaled-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut scaled by 1.5
    title = A hut scaled by 1.5
}

The `scale` method scales a picture by a given factor in the x and y directions. Here we scale the hut by 1.5 in both directions.

### Translation

@:image(translated-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut translated to 500 x 50
    title = A hut translated to 500 x 50
}

The `translate` method moves a picture by a given amount in the x and y directions. Here we move the hut to the point (500, 50).

### Reflection

@:image(vertically-reflected-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut vertically reflected
    title = A hut vertically reflected
}

The `verticalReflection` method reflects a picture vertically. Similarly, the `horizontalReflection` method reflects a picture horizontally.  

## Implementation

> These methods are available on @:api(doodle.algebra.Transform) algebra.

Reviewer: I think they are also available on `Image`. You should check and update accordingly.

val verticallyReflectedHut = hut.verticalReflection
```

### Rotation

The `rotate` method rotates a picture by a given angle. The angle is specified in radians, but you can use the `degrees` method to convert degrees to radians. Here we rotate the hut by 45 degrees.

@:image(rotated-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut rotated 45 degrees
    title = A hut rotated 45 degrees
}

### Scaling

The `scale` method scales a picture by a given factor in the x and y directions. Here we scale the hut by 1.5 in both directions.

@:image(scaled-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut scaled by 1.5
    title = A hut scaled by 1.5
}

### Translation

The `translate` method moves a picture by a given amount in the x and y directions. Here we move the hut to the point (500, 50).

@:image(translated-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut translated to 500 x 50
    title = A hut translated to 500 x 50
}

### Reflection

The `verticalReflection` method reflects a picture vertically. Similarly, the `horizontalReflection` method reflects a picture horizontally. 

@:image(vertically-reflected-hut.png) {
    alt = A hut vertically reflected
    title = A hut vertically reflected
}

## Implementation

> These methods are available on @:api(doodle.algebra.Transform) algebra. Rotation and scaling are available on @:api(doodle.image.Image) algebra aswell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These methods are available on @:api(doodle.algebra.Transform) algebra. Rotation and scaling are available on @:api(doodle.image.Image) as well.
```

`Image` isn't an algebra in the Doodle sense.
